com/example/habitshare/databinding/SelectImageSourceBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.SelectImageSourceBinding
com/example/habitshare/CustomHabitListAdapter.java
 com.example.habitshare.CustomHabitListAdapter
 com.example.habitshare.CustomHabitListAdapter$HabitViewHolder
 com.example.habitshare.CustomHabitListAdapter$HabitViewHolder$1
com/example/habitshare/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/habitshare/ViewHabitActivity.java
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitActivity
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitActivity$1
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitActivity$2
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitActivity$3
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitActivity$3$1
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitActivity$3$2
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitActivity$3$2$1
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitActivity$3$2$2
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitActivity$4
com/example/habitshare/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.habitshare.BuildConfig
com/example/habitshare/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/habitshare/ViewHabitEventActivity.java
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitEventActivity
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitEventActivity$1
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitEventActivity$2
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitEventActivity$3
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitEventActivity$3$1
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitEventActivity$3$2
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitEventActivity$3$3
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitEventActivity$3$3$1
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitEventActivity$3$3$2
 com.example.habitshare.ViewHabitEventActivity$4
com/example/habitshare/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/habitshare/CustomHabitEventListAdapter.java
 com.example.habitshare.CustomHabitEventListAdapter
 com.example.habitshare.CustomHabitEventListAdapter$HabitEventViewHolder
 com.example.habitshare.CustomHabitEventListAdapter$HabitEventViewHolder$1
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ContentHabitEventBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ContentHabitEventBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ActivityAddHabitBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ActivityAddHabitBinding
com/example/habitshare/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.habitshare.LoginActivity
 com.example.habitshare.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.habitshare.LoginActivity$1$1
 com.example.habitshare.LoginActivity$2
com/example/habitshare/HabitEventsFragment.java
 com.example.habitshare.HabitEventsFragment
 com.example.habitshare.HabitEventsFragment$1
 com.example.habitshare.HabitEventsFragment$1$1
 com.example.habitshare.HabitEventsFragment$1$2
 com.example.habitshare.HabitEventsFragment$2
com/example/habitshare/databinding/FragmentHabitEventsBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.FragmentHabitEventsBinding
com/example/habitshare/RegistrationActivity.java
 com.example.habitshare.RegistrationActivity
 com.example.habitshare.RegistrationActivity$1
 com.example.habitshare.RegistrationActivity$1$1
 com.example.habitshare.RegistrationActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.habitshare.RegistrationActivity$1$1$2
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ViewHabitEventLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ViewHabitEventLayoutBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ActivityViewHabitEventBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ActivityViewHabitEventBinding
com/example/habitshare/ViewLargerImageActivity.java
 com.example.habitshare.ViewLargerImageActivity
 com.example.habitshare.ViewLargerImageActivity$1
com/example/habitshare/AddHabitActivity.java
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$1
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$1$1
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$1$2
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$1$2$1
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$1$2$2
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$1$3
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$1$3$1
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$1$4
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$1$5
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$2
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$3
 com.example.habitshare.AddHabitActivity$4
com/example/habitshare/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/AddHabitEventLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.AddHabitEventLayoutBinding
com/example/habitshare/MyHabitFragment.java
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$1
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$2
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$2$1
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$2$2
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$2$3
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$2$4
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$3
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$3$1
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$3$2
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$4
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$5
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$6
 com.example.habitshare.MyHabitFragment$7
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ActivityViewHabitBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ActivityViewHabitBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/FragmentMyHabitsBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.FragmentMyHabitsBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/habitshare/OnItemClickListener.java
 com.example.habitshare.OnItemClickListener
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ActivityMapBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ActivityMapBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ViewHabitDetailLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ViewHabitDetailLayoutBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ViewImageBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ViewImageBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ContentSuggestionsBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ContentSuggestionsBinding
com/example/habitshare/HabitEvent.java
 com.example.habitshare.HabitEvent
com/example/habitshare/databinding/LoadingAnimationBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.LoadingAnimationBinding
com/example/habitshare/LoadingDialog.java
 com.example.habitshare.LoadingDialog
com/example/habitshare/databinding/AddHabitLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.AddHabitLayoutBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ContentMapBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ContentMapBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ActivityDenoteHabitBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ActivityDenoteHabitBinding
com/example/habitshare/MapActivity.java
 com.example.habitshare.MapActivity
 com.example.habitshare.MapActivity$1
 com.example.habitshare.MapActivity$1$1
 com.example.habitshare.MapActivity$2
 com.example.habitshare.MapActivity$3
 com.example.habitshare.MapActivity$3$1
 com.example.habitshare.MapActivity$3$2
 com.example.habitshare.MapActivity$4
 com.example.habitshare.MapActivity$5
com/example/habitshare/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/habitshare/MainActivity.java
 com.example.habitshare.MainActivity
 com.example.habitshare.MainActivity$1
com/example/habitshare/DenoteHabitActivity.java
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$1
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$2
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$3
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$3$1
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$3$2
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$3$2$1
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$3$2$2
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$3$2$3
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$3$2$4
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$3$3
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$3$4
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$3$5
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$3$6
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$4
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$5
 com.example.habitshare.DenoteHabitActivity$6
com/example/habitshare/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ActivityViewLargerImageBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ActivityViewLargerImageBinding
com/example/habitshare/databinding/ContentMyHabitListBinding.java
 com.example.habitshare.databinding.ContentMyHabitListBinding
com/example/habitshare/Habit.java
 com.example.habitshare.Habit
